add an AGENTS.md for the codebase (#358)
JuliaGeo/GeometryOps.jl: AGENTS.md

# CLAUDE.md

This file provides guidance to Claude Code (claude.ai/code) when working with code in this repository.

## Development Commands

### Testing
Run all tests:
```bash
julia --project=. -e 'using Pkg; Pkg.test()'
```

Note: There is currently no way to run a single test file in isolation.

### Documentation
Build documentation (uses Literate.jl to convert source to markdown):
```bash
julia --project=docs docs/make.jl
```

### Git Commit Style
Commit messages in this repository follow a simple, descriptive style:

- **Use imperative mood**: "Fix bug" not "Fixed bug" or "Fixes bug"
- **Start with a capital letter**: "Add feature" not "add feature"
- **Be concise but descriptive**: Explain what changed, not why (unless non-obvious)
- **No trailing periods**: Commit messages don't end with a period
- **Use backticks for code**: Reference functions/types with backticks like `smooth` or `TraitTarget`
- **No conventional commit prefixes**: Don't use "feat:", "fix:", "docs:", etc.

> - **Include PR numbers when applicable**: Add (#123) at the end if merging a PR

Author: ```suggestion
```

Examples from the project:
```
Fix type constraint in _smooth function
Add a `smooth` function  (#346)
Refactor tests to be a bit easier to parse
Tree based acceleration for polygon clipping / boolean ops (#274)

> Bump version from 0.1.30 to 0.1.31 (#350)

Author: ```suggestion
Tree based acceleration for polygon clipping / boolean ops
Bump version from 0.1.30 to 0.1.31
```
